Update README.md (#32)
aerogear/mobile-services-installer: README.md

    ansible-playbook install-mobile-services.yml
    ```

>     If you want to use the productized releases from Red Hat Container Catalog, please make sure first creating a secret that will store the credentials (if authentication is required), as decribed [here](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.11/install_config/oab_broker_configuration.html#oab-config-registry-storing-creds), and then use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to use the productized releases from Red Hat Container Catalog, please make sure you first follow the instructions on [this page](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.11/install_config/configuring_red_hat_registry.html) to ensure that your OpenShift cluster is configured to be able to pull from registry.redhat.io.
    
    Additionally, create a secret that will store the credentials, as described [here](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.11/install_config/oab_broker_configuration.html#oab-config-registry-storing-creds), and then use the following command:
```
